There are 5 putts to the test parts 1234 and 5. We will now stop for a moment before we start to the test. Please ask any questions now because you must not speak during the test. Now look at the instructions for part one. You will hear 5 short conversations. You will hear each conversation twice. There is one question for each conversation. The questions one to 5 put a tick under the right answer. Here is an example. How many people were at the meeting. With many people at the meeting about 30 that's not many no but more than last time. The answer is 37 there is a tick in boxy. Now we are ready to start. Look at question one. One. What was the weather like when the holiday began. Did you have a good holiday. It was okay it rained for the first 3 days but you'll really brown wasn't it sunny yes we had some for a few days within the last 2 days it was cloudy. Now listen again. Did you have a good holiday. It was okay it rained for the first 3 days but you'll really brown wasn't it sunny yes we had some for a few days within the last 2 days it was cloudy. 2 hi what did Peter buying today. Hi pizza I like that T. shirt where did you get it I'll go to free the music shop they give you a T. shirts or hats when you spend more than 20 pounds it looks good with those jeans thanks I bought them in the market this morning. Now listen again. Hi Peter I like that T. shirt when did you get it I'll go to free the music shop they give you a T. shirts or hats when you spend more than 20 pounds it looks good with those jeans thanks I bought them in the market this morning. 3. How far is it to the beach. How far is it to the beach please about 5 minutes in the car. Do you know the white Nile they said it was 10 kilometers from this campsite waits near than that a 77. Just over the hill Dr stratum. Now listen again. How far is it to the beach please about 5 minutes in the car. Do you know the white Nile they said it was 10 kilometers from this campsite waits near than that a 77. Just over the hill Dr stratum. For. What will Tim and his dad to play today. Are you in done going to play football this afternoon to him I don't like football in the summer that's going to take me to the golf club they don't usually let people your age that I did you have a game of tennis together it's to halt. Anyway they want us my agent dance club. Now listen again. Are you going to play football this afternoon to him I don't like football in the summer that's going to take me to the golf club they don't usually let people your age that I did you have a game of tennis together it's to halt. Anyway they want us my agent dance club. 5. What is the woman want. I'd like to pay now please. I'm sorry but I don't know what you've eaten I had too much to soup then a pizza and a coffee that's 5 pounds then. Now listen again. I'd like to pay now please. I'm sorry but I don't know what you've eaten I had too much to soup then a pizza and a coffee that's 5 pounds then. This is the end of part one.